oh hi there welcome to the shop I'm Adam
from my trail 93 today we're going to be
replacing an old selenium rectifier in
your Honda 90 the new RadioShack model
the reasons you may want to replace your
rectifier symptoms of a bad rectifier
are when your headlight will pulsate at
low idle when you lose ignition power at
high rpms or if you're having trouble
charging your battery today we're gonna
be replacing this selenium rectifier and
Kristen's cm 91 this is on the outside
if you have a Honda C T 90 it'll be up
inside so what you want to do is cut the
wires you'll have three you have a
yellow a pink and a red and white just
cut those as close as you can to the
buds we're going to put new connectors
on those come on up to the new
RadioShack model so disassembly just
remove this gasket pull the center bolt
off and this will pretty much fall apart
lots of pieces when you very few of them
now as the radio shocking Czech
rectifier cane it didn't quite fit over
the bolt that's here you can either
replace the bolt I've drilled this out a
little bit which doesn't seem to have
worked so I will probably put a smaller
bolt in later so here we're going to
click tower wires we're going to strip
them
slide on a pulp small piece a heat
shrink
and you crimp Spade connector
bringing the heat shrink up if you don't
have a heat gun you can use the lighter
just don't hold it in one spot for too
long
so we repeat that for the other three so
now that we have new female Spade
connectors on all of our wires I placed
the rectifier on here
I do not currently have a bolt small
enough to fit through so later I'm going
to have to find a bolt that will pull
this plate off and I'll mount through so
that I can bolt this right up to there
but for now just for demonstration we'll
leave it there so the way this works if
you have your your spades three of them
will face horizontally one vertically
will be on the top right then your
yellow one goes on the top left so you
got a little wire and then your red and
white wire goes on the vertical today
and your pink wire will go on the bottom
right now the old rectifier grounded
through the middle to the frame this new
one will be a ground left so I've made a
new black and white wire it can be any
color just keep track
I believe Hondas ground colors usually
green so if you can keep in continuity
with that I'm sure it would be easier
for you and now we're all wired up I
just have to ground this out I'm going
to ground it along and put a new
connector like this will ground it in
together with the battery ground and
that is how you replace your old
selenium rectifier with the new Radio
Shack model I'll put the part numbers in
the description and a link to a tutorial
forum that shows you all of this thanks
for stopping by what do you want me to
do who are you hey you guys I'm Kristen
and I'm a another member of my Trail 90
crew thank you so much for watching me
first of what is sure to be many awesome
tutorials on how to fix your honda Trail
90 on a budget
these videos are a little taste of what
we're up to on a huge project we're
doing were filming a documentary about
America and we're taking an epic journey
on these 90s
some are taking off taking a huge loop
going all the way around the country
it's gonna be a crazy time so if this is
something that gets you excited like it
gets us excited you can see more
information on our Facebook page
it's a facebook.com/ slash from my trail
90 crew we've also got an Instagram feed
it's hashtag my trail 90 crew and
there's also a blogspot out there with
the same name so anyway thanks again for
watching and we'll see you around